football games and Yale practice, did you all talk
about, was there the 12th man, were the traditions
then? Yes. Did anybody kiss their dates after? Oh
yeah. That was a wonderful thing back then. What
football games do you remember during that era as
being special games? I don't I remember any one
outstanding one, they were all special, but
probably the most special ones was when we had an
opportunity to knock Texas off.
And that didn't happen much back then. Who were the
athletic heroes of your student days? Oh, there
was Bob Smith. I think he came along a little after
I... I think he was in school when I graduated,
about the time I graduated. There was...
Coaches.
I
don't even know who was coach then.
I think it was Norton. Homer Norton? I think so. It
could have been. I'm not really sure. I think he's
there at least part of your student days. Let's
see, Muster. Yeah, we always attended Muster.
Where was that? We had Muster on campus. And I don't
know how many external musters were going on at
that time, but they began to spread pretty
rapidly. And I think it was in Guyon Hall. Did the
veterans participate in muster? Yeah, they did. I
have the impression that World War II made muster
into something, really, really. I think it made it
to, yeah, I really do. And I think that's where it
really started spreading. Did you, as an
undergraduate, hear anything about the
Corregidor muster? Oh, yeah.
Let's see, final review, no. Commencement, no.
Silver taps. Yes, we've stood out in the Marina
there, and then moved to the Corps of the Army area,
and built several taps or something, and really
got to you. Particularly, he knew the cadet. And
back then, he knew just about every cadet. Did you
all, on campus, did you all speak to everybody? Oh,
yes.
Yeah, absolutely. And if you didn't know them, you
wouldn't have whipped out. A bonfire. Bonfire was
different than it is now. Describe it then. I mean
it wasn't put up engineeringly in the manner it is
now. It was a lot of fun. He did cut trees. He did pick
up other things to throw in a bonfire too. I mean it
wasn't just any old timbers and things that
you could find. But the significance of it is the
same. Held where? It was held on for a long time. It
was held on the old red pail. And who gathered the
materials?
Was there anything on top of the bonfire? Always a
crapper. And where did that come from? Well,
usually back in them days and times, very frankly,
we'd steal it.
Did you all have the, were there red pots then? No,
it wasn't that organized then. And how did you all
get things up on the bonfire?
You know, I really don't remember. Didn't use any
kind of a gantry crane or anything? No, we didn't
have one. We probably blocked the tackles off.
Let's see. Let's go back to... to being a fish. Do
you remember any projects you were assigned?
Any tasks that some sophomore gave you?
Describe those.
If you bottled it very much, then that was the case
for quite some time. You're talking about now
they're homework assignments? Yeah. When it was
reading, like in English or, you know, literature
and stuff like that. You'd read it to, or any other
assignments you remember? Projects? I'm trying
to think. Oh, yeah, we'd always have to go get stuff
for them. You know, things like that. We later
don't have to put. Mail? Did you go pick up their
mail? Oh, we picked up everything for them, yeah.
The mail, brought them chow to the dorm when they
wanted, whatever they wanted. Now, could y'all,
you couldn't legally carry food out of the dining
hall? No. Did y'all ever carry food out of the
dining hall? Yeah. How? Well, there's lots of ways
to do that, but you can do it pretty well. Describe a
room inspection by Well, when the military wrote
an inspection, it was with a white glove. And the
officer doing the inspection would test every
place in the room to see if you had dusted and
cleaned it well. Like over the door seals at the top
of the doors that come dust there when you just get
at it. Of course, your beds had to be just perfect
military. Your clothes had to be hung just exactly
right. Your socks and shorts were folded just
right. It was a very ethereal inspection. Other
assignments that you remember as a fish?
Were you ever expected to do something that you
thought was wrong? Well, I probably did at the
time. But you don't remember? But I don't
remember. And as I look back, I wouldn't take
anything for a freshman year in the hazing. I think
it ingrained something into a person. I know they
frown on it now, but it didn't hurt me, and I don't
think it hurt anybody.
Let's see, we were talking about the students a
while ago. Were there any students of Asian
ancestry that you recall? They weren't in my
outfit or any of the neighboring outfits in our
dorm, but that's not to say they wasn't. Hispanic?
They were some Hispanics, yes. Did y'all have,
were they treated any differently? No. Did fellow
Aggies have nicknames? Yeah. What were some of
them? Oh, you know, I mean all kinds of nicknames. I
can't remember them offhand, but Slim or Domino or
Rabbit. It's a lot of things to know to kind of
signify characteristics of the individual. Did
you have a nickname? I may have, but I didn't know
it. Aggie Ring. Yep. Do you remember what it cost?
Seemed to me like my Aggie ring was about $35. Who
paid for it? My dad paid for it. And was there
anything that happened in your heart or feelings
when you started wearing that Aggie ring? You bet.
I mean, that was one of the prouder days of my
college career. And I still have that same ring
today, although it's just about totally wore out.
I ordered the new ring about six, seven years ago. I
couldn't make myself take this one off. Why? I had
just so much sentimentality attached to it, I
guess. What does an Aggie ring mean to you? Well,
you know, there's an old saying, what do you call an
Aggie five years after graduation? Boss. If you
look around the world, and any place you go, You
identify Aggies by their rings, and usually
they're in places that are responsible to your
leadership. Share with this machine two or three
examples of where an Aggie ring has meant
something in your experience.
I guess I probably have met more Aggies on
airplanes than anything else that I didn't know.
And I have met them in other parts of the world. But
it seemed like those acquaintances you make on the
planes always turned to be beneficial. But I
picked up several clients in my consulting
business by having them in Aggie on the plane.
What is Aggie spirit?
It reminds me of a story that The kid thought that
everybody was an Aggie because the dad was. And he
saw a guy with a different type of class ring and it
bothered him and he asked his dad and said, dad is
that guy an Aggie? And the guy replied, son, if he's
an Aggie he'll tell you proudly. If he's not, don't
be embarrassed.
Aggie spirit is just something that's indwelled
in you It don't take long to get it when you're on
that campus. I've had a lot of people who, since
I've, over the years, have told me that they went to
A&M, didn't think they were going to stay. And
within six weeks, you couldn't get them away. It's
just that thing that binds them together, binds
Aggies together. Where did that Aggie spirit,
where or when did it start with you? I guess the
first week I was on campus. I was already sold on
Aggies. Did you ever think about leaving? No. I was
just worried about getting kicked out.
Let's see.
Well, what are the qualities of an Aggie? The key
ingredients. I think they're gentlemanly,
scholarly, I
guess
just about every good adjective you can think of
tells you what an Aggie
is. All right, the most important question of the
whole thing. We've got two of those. What did it
mean to you? What has it meant to your life that you
went to that institution? Success. uh not to
saying that i wouldn't have had success otherwise
but it put an assurity in me that i knew i had it to do
if i just get out and do it and give you that
self-confidence to make the moves that you need to
make it's just something that when you leave there
you know you've got something nobody else has
although they may have a college education you've
got something that's even greater than a college
education. You've got that unity of all your
students that you go to school with, and any other
Aggie you meet, regardless of the classroom,
they're going to be willing to help and assist you
and aid you
in anything. What feelings do you have in your
heart for A&M now?
I guess my big regret is I'm not rich, so I can give a
lot of money daily. I've given a lot of time and
service daily, and I've enjoyed every bit of it. I
would do anything they asked me to do. And if I ever
hit that jackpot, they're going to get the most out
of it.